I think that I want to shoot the animation of the one-piece effect today
First of all though
It is here Masukore Yes here for you
This is still all wrapped up in a bubble wrap
I think that I want to introduce in this box seedlings in a box of is ready to open only
First of all, but this pure rice is included
It is the wave which continues here and the waves are also one.
is
Continue to want to see this Marco
It is
It is the impact of this secret
This is also integrated, so you can give it away
Well
Continued
It is a series of here and this, but here is only a little one
What is this
is
Yes
Month if because I thought that had I yield the thing a little this time op or will fit in the image
Cho
I do n't know for a moment, but I'm sorry if I can't see it
First of all , here
It is an ace of bop
This is also the same as the unopened item
I've never cut the wind and so on, so I've got a little gap
It's a box It's a little bit more damage here, so look for something completely beautiful
If you can withhold for a moment
I think
I feel that there is around here Hen Toka fine scratches
If it is hard to see if this is a detailed image etc.
I would like to hear from you if you have a request
Well then this is the last introduction
It's a little big, isn't it water here ?
The most lottery's is the instantiation known Hoshi gears of Girls Collection of piece
This is pretty big
It's also unopened goods though
After all, a little damage is good here
There
Also, such as the damage in the way that section does not care about the Toka was saying so because smoke cigarettes, etc.
I hope you can contact us if some people Tteyuu I do not care
bop and he is a star though
Then I think that I would like to ask for a replacement or mold tray
Wakore or for is prima facie such demand
It is back side series-
But if you have something, I would like to hear from you
Then it is the last video though it is the last video
Though there were several people who received the net
I just started and I do not understand for a moment
Today because I was allowed to contact you earlier and I have become slower comment MSDF's
Such a I think this time the Once If you still hear from us again look Once you seemed to demand
Thank you by the you care so as not to
Then thank you for watching good